## SORA from OpenAI

I will be uploading the learning of SORA-like models in this post

---
## Bit of Intruction 

Sora is a text-to-video model that was released by OpenAI on 15th Feb 2024. As other products from OpenAI, it earns the  respect from industrial and acdemical aspects due to its outstanding performance of text-to-video generating. 

## Authors
| Authors      | Background        | Experience  |
| ------------- |:-------------:| -----:|
| Tim Brookes      | right-aligned | $1600 |
| col 2 is      | centered      |   $12 |
| zebra stripes | are neat      |    $1 |

Authors  | Role @ OpenAI | Background | Prior Experience | Fun Facts
:---: | :---: | :---:| :---:| :---:
Tim Brookes | __Leader of Sora__:developing large-generative-model for simulating the real world | PhD @ UC Berkeley |① Focused on Video generation & AI powered Pixel phone camera @ NVDIA/Google/Meta. <br/> ② Primary researcher of DALL·3. <br/> ③ Published structPix2Pix during PhD | ① Won National Geographic photo competition. <br/> ② Performed at Beacon Theatre(New York Boardway). 
Bill Peebles | __Co-leader of Sora__ :focused on video generation and real-world simulation technology development | PhD @ UC Berkeley | ① Interned at FAIR/Adobe Research/Nvidia. ② Published Scalable Diffusion Models with Transformers with Prof Saining Xie, established the fundamental framework of Sora. | Hard-working guy

专注于视频生成和世界模拟技术的开发。
而他的本科是在MIT读的，指导教师是Antonio Torralba。
他在FAIR、Adobe Research和英伟达也都有过实习经历。
他在FAIR实习期间，曾经和现NYU华人教授谢赛宁一起发表了论文Scalable Diffusion Models with Transformers，论文中提出了Sora的基础架构。
他从伯克利毕业之后，加入了OpenAI，带领OpenAI的团队几乎不睡觉地工作了一年多之后，Sora面世了。

### Model Description
SORA is a model that deployed **diffusion transformer**

### Contributor

